Stop Believing these three myths joint
Edition whoever told you that popping
your knuckles is bad for your fingers
was either lying to you or was lied to
that popping sound is just gas moving in
your joint sacks and yes there are
studies on it and no it's not bad for
you number two is exercise causes joint
pain come on the first thing a doctor
does when you experience joint pain is
make you do exercise but a easier
version of it so yes exercise helps just
start slow and with lightweight and
three diet doesn't matter which is
obviously not true of course it matters
and if your diet sucks you need to
supplement which is why flexi joints has
you covered and by the way we have
sample packets now we're so confident
you'll love it that it's free but that's
a terrible business move so just pay
shipping go to stay flex. to check it
out for yourself stay Flexi